todo.md, before:

 # Features to work
 
 - f̶i̶x̶ r̶e̶s̶p̶o̶n̶s̶i̶v̶e̶n̶e̶s̶s̶ `̶e̶d̶i̶F̶a̶q̶F̶o̶r̶m̶.̶t̶s̶x̶`̶  
 - s̶e̶t̶u̶p̶ d̶i̶f̶f̶e̶r̶e̶n̶t̶ p̶r̶o̶d̶u̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ a̶n̶d̶ d̶e̶v̶e̶l̶o̶p̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ e̶n̶v̶i̶o̶r̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ d̶e̶p̶l̶o̶y̶ i̶t̶ t̶o̶ v̶e̶r̶c̶e̶l̶ w̶h̶i̶c̶h̶ i̶s̶ c̶o̶n̶n̶e̶c̶t̶e̶d̶ t̶o̶ m̶a̶i̶n̶ s̶u̶p̶a̶b̶a̶s̶e̶
 - c̶o̶m̶p̶l̶e̶t̶e̶ m̶o̶b̶l̶e̶ n̶a̶v̶i̶g̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ b̶a̶r̶ c̶o̶n̶t̶e̶n̶t̶s̶
 - A̶d̶d̶ a̶n̶ c̶a̶t̶c̶h̶y̶ p̶h̶r̶a̶s̶e̶ o̶n̶ h̶o̶m̶e̶p̶a̶g̶e̶
 - c̶r̶e̶a̶t̶e̶ o̶r̶g̶a̶n̶i̶z̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ d̶e̶t̶a̶i̶l̶ s̶e̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ i̶n̶ `̶e̶d̶i̶F̶a̶q̶F̶o̶r̶m̶.̶t̶s̶x̶`̶
 - A̶d̶d̶e̶d̶ D̶e̶l̶e̶t̶e̶ F̶A̶Q̶ f̶u̶n̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶
 - S̶t̶o̶r̶e̶ t̶h̶e̶ e̶d̶i̶t̶ f̶a̶q̶ f̶o̶r̶m̶ t̶o̶ t̶h̶e̶ d̶a̶t̶a̶b̶a̶s̶e̶ 
 - Add edit functionality to FAQs
 - Setup a preview of FAQ page while creating FAQ page
 - Setup CDN when user removes the img
 - Fix url path ("/username/title") will not work
 - delete image if submission failed

Commit message:

hided navbar on the main page

todo.md, after:

 # Features to work
 
 - f̶i̶x̶ r̶e̶s̶p̶o̶n̶s̶i̶v̶e̶n̶e̶s̶s̶ `̶e̶d̶i̶F̶a̶q̶F̶o̶r̶m̶.̶t̶s̶x̶`̶  
 - s̶e̶t̶u̶p̶ d̶i̶f̶f̶e̶r̶e̶n̶t̶ p̶r̶o̶d̶u̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ a̶n̶d̶ d̶e̶v̶e̶l̶o̶p̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ e̶n̶v̶i̶o̶r̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ d̶e̶p̶l̶o̶y̶ i̶t̶ t̶o̶ v̶e̶r̶c̶e̶l̶ w̶h̶i̶c̶h̶ i̶s̶ c̶o̶n̶n̶e̶c̶t̶e̶d̶ t̶o̶ m̶a̶i̶n̶ s̶u̶p̶a̶b̶a̶s̶e̶
 - c̶o̶m̶p̶l̶e̶t̶e̶ m̶o̶b̶l̶e̶ n̶a̶v̶i̶g̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ b̶a̶r̶ c̶o̶n̶t̶e̶n̶t̶s̶
 - A̶d̶d̶ a̶n̶ c̶a̶t̶c̶h̶y̶ p̶h̶r̶a̶s̶e̶ o̶n̶ h̶o̶m̶e̶p̶a̶g̶e̶
 - c̶r̶e̶a̶t̶e̶ o̶r̶g̶a̶n̶i̶z̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ d̶e̶t̶a̶i̶l̶ s̶e̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ i̶n̶ `̶e̶d̶i̶F̶a̶q̶F̶o̶r̶m̶.̶t̶s̶x̶`̶
 - A̶d̶d̶e̶d̶ D̶e̶l̶e̶t̶e̶ F̶A̶Q̶ f̶u̶n̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶
 - S̶t̶o̶r̶e̶ t̶h̶e̶ e̶d̶i̶t̶ f̶a̶q̶ f̶o̶r̶m̶ t̶o̶ t̶h̶e̶ d̶a̶t̶a̶b̶a̶s̶e̶ 
 - F̶i̶x̶ u̶r̶l̶ p̶a̶t̶h̶ (̶"̶/̶u̶s̶e̶r̶n̶a̶m̶e̶/̶t̶i̶t̶l̶e̶"̶)̶ w̶i̶l̶l̶ n̶o̶t̶ w̶o̶r̶k̶



 - Add edit functionality to FAQs
 - Setup CDN when user removes the img
 - delete image if submission failed
 - Setup a preview of FAQ page while creating FAQ page
 - Add a footer

# primary features to work on

 - Add Socials (which will include , array of (name and link)) 
 - Create the FAQ section of the page
 - Configure theme colors for the page
